Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a and I welcome you to another tutorial on this course on Ruby and in this tutorial, we are
going to cover a single function on a hashas that is the Keys function now in the previous story, and
you have to cover the key and the Haski function.
Now, this function is a bit different from those in the previous two functions.
We check if a certain key exist in a certain hash variable or not.
But in this, what we are going to check is that we are going to see the number of keys for a certain
variable.
So we are going to print all of these keys.
And the syntax for that is very simple.
You have to just write in the name of the hash, which is basically the variable, and you have to write
in dot geese and it accepts no parameter.
All you have to do is that you have to use the object for the function and you have the right and the
key function.
So to do it, let's move on to our ATM runner.
And we already have the hash function right over here.
We have got three hashes.
The first one is er, then we have B and then we have C, so let's just use the keys function on all
of these one by one.
So we are going to write in both.
Set of keys in a is you can use interpolation and you can just ride in a doggie's.
Run this and you can see that it has printed out a set of keys and it is A and B, similarly, you can
just write in votes.
Set of geese in B is interpellation, and you can just ride and Brodsky's run this and it is going to
print the set of keys and B which is a single E that is a Y has been printed.
Right.
Will help.
Then you can just write and for the third side you can just write instead of Ghys and C is interpellation
and you can just write in Searoad Keys records, run this and you can see that you have got the set
up.
You can see that is A, B and C.
Now if you use the previous index that was without this and this and you have to just write in the column,
let's see if this work on the ski's function here or not.
Let's do it for all these three, Yahel.
Collingdale.
A call in here as well to remove this.
And remove this from here as well.
Colin Hill.
And and hail finally.
And all this is in green because of this over here, Colin, over here as well.
So now let's run the code and as you can see, that you have again, got the keys, but this time it
has a different format right over here.
As you can see that in place of the quotation marks, you have got this call and a call and B, colony,
a colony, a colony colony.
So basically you have got this set of keys, which you require right over here on.
So for the previous, when we were using the key function right over here, you can just try in for
this index over here, you can just write and an or underscored.
And as you can see that now it has returned to which was the function from the previous tutorial, the
key function.
And if you just try it in the Haski function around this and it is also going to return.
True.
So basically for this format right over here, we are using you can not just write in a hash tag and
this is how you have to use in this index if you want this Haski function.
And the key function to read A are true to you.
As you can see that in both cases we have got this rule here.
So and third function, which is a part of this story, we have printed out the keys, which are in
this format.
So for the key and the Haski, you can use this format to get a true as your output.
So that's how basically you can use this index and the previous index, that was the quotation marks
index to print out the number of keys and the key keys which you have used in hash.
And you can see that you have got to set up those here, right?
So I guess that's it with this tutorial, you have already given the examples.
So thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.